My full name is Ahmed Hosny.  Most people call me by my nickname AJ. Im a 27 year old Full Stack Software Engineer from a small town named Easton in Pennsylvania. Im a collaborative connoisseur with an appetite for knowledge. Javascript is my love language. Appreciator of breathtaking UI, aesthetic subtlety, and contemporary design. For my education, I went to Temple University. I was a member of the Alpha Tau Omega leadership development fraternity. I graduated college in 2019. I currently work at LifeWise Digital as a Senior Software Engineer. Since its my current employer, I have been working there since August of 2021. At LifeWise Digital I built an AI powered Ad-tech platform called Davie.ai. Davie.ai allowed small to medium business and ad agencies a way to build, track, analyze and run their own ad campaigns using generative ai. In the past I used to to work at IBM. My former employer IBM was located in Research Triangle Park in Durham North Carolina. I worked there from August 2018 until August of 2021. During my time at IBM I developed internal tools that helped IBM manage their various contracts. At IBM I developed a quote to cash platform that streamlined the deal workflow process for over 1000+ IBM employees worldwide. I also worked on a tool where I had to develop RESTful APIs that allowed IBM sales teams to upload contract data directly into salesforce at the click of a button. Saving over 500 hours of manual data loading time. I currently work remotely from the east coast. Some of my hobbies include, playing guitar. I have been playing guitar for over 15 years. I also enjoy rapping and making beats using Logic pro X. I enjoy learning and meeting new people. Some other hobbies include 3d printing. I use CAD to design and print 3d models using my ender 3. My professional skills include  Languages: Javascript, Typescript, Solidity, PHP, HTML, CSS, SQL, Bash Frameworks such as React and react native for mobile, Redux, Next.js, Node.js, Express.js, Truffle
 My favorite component libraries are Material UI, Bootstrap. For testing my code I use Jest, RTL,  I use Git, Docker, NPM, Azure, AWS, GoogleCloud, Jira, JWT, Ganache for infrastructure. 
One achievement of mine is that I Ranked top 7% globally in Capsim Simulation Competition in 2018 a competition where I had to simulate running a corporation. Some fun facts about me is fun fact: I was voted most likely to have the whole fraternity on his payroll. Fun Fact: Im Egyptian. Fun Fact I Can Speak Arabic. 
Some Jokes are Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
 I only know 25 letters of the alphabet.
   I don't know y.
. Why did the scarecrow win an award?
   Because he was outstanding in his field!
